3. Second Phase Scenario
Date: 25/12 - 28/12
US Forces:
123 B-52
28 F-111
120 F-4
6 ECM aircraft
NV Forces:
32 fighters
400 SAMs
Airfields 2 and 6 destroyed
Victory points: 30 to VN player,
US PM: 4
Victory conditions: as campaign game

TAU CETI 2015AD
“We designed TAU CETI because we were fed up 
with all the hypercomplex Science Fiction games 
out today. With the present ‘state of the art’ 
surely it must be possible to design a game 
simple in play yet with a complex game system? 
We think we have succeeded.”
Tau Ceti is a challenging SF game simulating tactical ground 
combat on an alien planet in the year 2015. The two different 
races, Kra (red lizard-type and vicious, but with two legs) and 
H’ren (blue-furred mouse-like creatures but with two arms 
and two legs) fight for control of the planet and employ two 
different tactics: Kra employing strong Plasma Launchers 
and Heavy Assault Vehicles—and H’ren using hordes of Light 
Assault Vehicles and Hovercarriers.
Three terrain levels and three altitude levels enable the play-
ers to fight a semi-three dimensional battle and without paper-
work—a simple marker tells you on which altitude a unit is on. 
Hovering, transportation, two different combat doctrines (P 
and I Combat), line of sight, spotting, remotes (ground/aerial 
bombs/mines) all play important roles to make this game a fun 
and fast-playing “simulation”. And don’t forget the ten 
scenarios. These will keep you playing till the first astronaut 
steps on Mars!
A high level of physical quality is maintained. The three-color 
map is printed in tints of black, green, and brown. The 130 
back-printed die-cut counters are three-colored and bear 
silhouettes of the combat units. The rulebook is illustrated and 
typeset. Last but not least, the front cover bears a wonderful 
illustration by the artists. Eddie Eddings and Jim Newsome 
(and a drawing of Jim’s appears inside the game). Our game 
is packaged in a ziplock bag for easy storage and to keep the 
price low. In fact, ridiculously low.
The game is available through larger stores around the world, 
or directly from us:

SWEDISH GAME PRODUCTION
Box 18
S-590 40 Kisa, Sweden

PAGE 12

